Gravity Force - Technical Overview

1. Technology of The Consortium

1.1 Spacecraft

1.1.1 History

  The Great Terran Arms Reduction made large numbers of spaceworthy
  weapons platforms available, one of them being the last liquid
  propelled intercontinental missile, the Chinese Hian Gu 8. This two-
  stage rocket was successfully and cost-effectively converted for non-
  military purposes.

  Instead of the multiple nuclear warhead, the usual navigation,
  control and re-entry systems as well as a cargo hold were installed
  to create the SC-8 Supply Flyer, a service vehicle for the
  orbital space stations.

  The modified version, known as SC-10, featured a passenger cabin
  instead of the cargo hold and became a huge commercial success.
  The Mean Time Between Failures of its propulsion system amounted
  to 49 hours, much more than any of the competing experimental
  gravity drives could offer.

  Years after scrapping of the SC-8 and SC-10 primary stage, the
  Earth government had issued a request to construction committees
  to revisit the old design in a time when money to finance new-builts
  was not available. Sporting a modern micro-gravity drive which
  required only a fraction of the old propulsion system's space,
  the transport system SC-18 was created, which was a serious
  competitor to commercial alternatives in respect to flexibility,
  transport capacity and system compatibilty.

  Its only major disadvantage was the lack of powerful reaction
  control systems, as these could not be supported by the hull
  structure. Thus, the pilot had to change his flight path by
  slowly rotating with the stabilizing thrusters and controlled
  firing of the main drive.

1.1.2 The Present

  The para-military use of this platform soon came when the
  companies running remote mining colonies reported attacks by a
  hostile alien species. To get in a position to fend off the
  attackers independently of the politically blocked Terran fleet,
  the companies formed an alliance known as The Consortium.

  Using the RC-18, several types of fighters and bombers were created,
  some of them in very small numbers only. The weapons are strictly
  GTA designs and supplied via dark channels, the shield system was
  the result of a technical development derived from the natural
  protective system of the simple organic lifeforms found on Mars.
  All spacecraft are able to land at bases and rapidly load freight
  and personnel as well as supplies and modular systems.

1.1.3 Overview: combat-proven versions of the RC-18

                      C-118.1 "Flyout"
            Armament: 1x LXB-5B
       Shield System: N/A
            Bomb Bay: N/A
 Additional Armament: N/A

                      C-118.4 "Desiato"
            Armament: 1x LXB-5G
       Shield System: integrated
            Bomb Bay: N/A
 Additional Armament: 1x LXD-5A
                      TBS-91B

                      C-118.9 "Piranha"
            Armament: 1x LXB-5G
       Shield System: integrated
            Bomb Bay: integrated
 Additional Armament: 1x LXD-5A
                      TBS-91B
                      TBE-29
                      ISG-64D
                      AMU-47
                      and others


1.2 Weapons

  The weapons are sorted by their basic operations principle:

1.2.1 Energy Weapons

  There are two different systems with comparable effect and applications
  both commonly known as "Blasters", although their technical principle
  differs.

1.2.1.1  "Single Blaster"

  The Singe Blaster is based on plain old particle technology. A highly
  focused and highly energized particle beam of short discharge time
  is generated by a modern discharge chamber.

  Available models:

  LXB-5B Single Blaster   (older, widely used model)
  LXB-5G Single Blaster   (low energy use)
  LXB-5K Single Blaster   (used for stationary defense of installations)

1.2.1.2  "Double Blaster"

  The Double Blaster links the low space requirement and high systems
  compatibility of the Single Blaster with doubled energy emission.
  This advantage is paid for by a much higher burnout ratio of the
  energy converter, which has to be replaced regularly.

  Available model:

  LXD-5A Double Blaster

1.2.2 Explosive Weapons

  Controlled explosions have been employed as weapons by mankind for
  two thousand years, and still today they have a prominent place in
  every arsenal.

  Unguided bombs are incomparably cost effective, while guided bombs
  (in use since the end of the first millennium) are more expensive,
  but also precise and deadly. Their active or semi-active propulsion
  enables high maneuverability, payload and/or range. As missiles,
  they are useful for many purposes because of their exact guidance,
  and as rockets mainly because of a high rate of fire.

1.2.2.1 "Bomb"

  Splinter effect only. The explosive discharge of its warhead tears
  the casing to pieces which radially travel away from the place of
  the explosion and affect anything they hit underway.

  This bomb is ejected in the delivery vehicle's direction of movement
  and then follows a simple ballistic flight path.

  Available model:

  TBS-91B Bomb            (contact fuze)

1.2.2.2 "Big Bomb"

  Hull-breaking conventional bomb, best used to directly erase of
  massive enemies or installations.

  Delivery requires a dedicated bomb bay which releases the unit
  straight into the direction of the source of gravity.

  Available model:

  TBE-29 Big Bomb         (contact fuze)

1.2.2.3 "Missile"

  Multi-purpose missile for use against installations and flying objects.
  Enabled by the targetting computer of the firing vehicle, they use
  infra-red and active LIDAR targeting to approach the target and
  blow up their warhead very shortly before impact. If no suitable target
  is in range or in its initial scanning arc, it self-destructs after
  some time or when hitting any solid material.

  Because of the complex integrated logic, the warhead is slightly
  less powerful than that of a TBS-91B Bomb.

  Available model:

  ISG-64D Missile         (proximity and contact fuze)

1.2.2.4 "Mine"

  Classic stationary mine which uses its own propulsion system to
  remain in position for some time and block the enemies' way.
  Integrated friend-foe identification.

  Available models:

  AMU-47A Contact Mine     
  AMU-47B Contact Mine  (increased damage)
  AMU-47D Contact Mine  (increased damage)



[EOT]
